Why does an owner hesitate to rent out his/her accommodation? 

  
If I allow somebody else to enter my house where I spend part of my time , to which I am sentimentally attached or in which I have fond memories, means I allow strangers to share my privacy.

Some renters don't pay attention to things when it is not their home because they are on holiday and they want to let off steam. For example, they may let their children run riot... After all, they've paid the rent haven't they?

Some renters don't share my idea of what's important.

When you get to know each other, nasty surprises are avoided. Homelidays help build a strong link between owners and renters in order to eliminate stress and doubts.  
 
  


What does a renter think about when renting a holiday accommodation ? 

  
How can I be sure that the few words describing this accommodation indicate this is really what I'm looking for?

I could be a little disappointed, but it could also be a fraud. Even getting double the rent back, after a six month court case, will not make up for ruining my holidays !

How can I know after one telephone conversation with an owner, if the comfortable bed he's talking about isn't just an old mattress that his grandmother gave him? And the tableware set for 8, is it made up of 8 mismatched plates, one dish and a soup tureen, or a set of 16 plates, 8 dessert plates, one oval and one round dish and 2 soup dishes, all matching and in bright holiday colours?

When you get to know each other, nasty surprises are avoided. Homelidays help build a strong link between owners and renters in order to eliminate stress and doubts.  
 
  


Tomorrow you will meet people who share your views.

  
The Internet's progress and the development of networking favour the capacity to put into contact people who share the same "interest" and make the idea of "getting acquainted" much simpler.

Before, we "knew" people from the same town, and background after few encounters.

Today, thanks to the Internet, we are able to contact, many more people with whom you share exactly the same idea, interest...
We can create numerous networks this way, each centred on a unique and shared interest.  
 
  


Tomorrow, thanks to HOMELIDAYS, you will meet more and more people 
who respect the houses you love.

You won't hesitate to rent out your accommodation.
You won't worry about nasty surprises when you book a holiday accommodation.
